hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2008 monster film Cloverfield
so let's get started the entire film is
shown from the perspective of a personal
camcorder that was recovered from the
former Central Park the tape originally
contained footage from the last day that
Rob and Beth spent together but was
overwritten with a goodbye party for Rob
on the night of May 22nd 2009 where the
majority of the events of the film take
place throughout the film it alternates
between these two storylines at first we
see Rob and Beth waking up in bed
together making plans to go to Coney
Island the footage cuts to May 22nd were
Jason Rob's brother and his girlfriend
Lily are planning Rob's surprise
farewell party their friend hood is
behind the camera for the majority of
the film Beth leaves the party after an
argument with Rob and shortly after a
supposed earthquake strikes there's a
brief power outage and the news reports
an oil tanker has capsized when the
partygoers leave the party the severed
head of the Statue of Liberty is
launched right in front of them
HUD records a brief glimpse of an
enormous monster destroying buildings
and causing havoc panic ensues and
during the evacuation the Brooklyn
Bridge is destroyed which kills Jason
and several others the news reports that
the National Guard is attacking the
monster however small parasite like
creatures are falling off and attacking
people throughout the city
Rob receives a phone message from Beth
saying that she is trapped in her
apartment and is unable to move Rob HUD
Lily and another party goer named
Marlena go back to the city to rescue
Beth as soldiers fight the monster the
group travel into the subway tunnels and
are attacked by parasitic creatures and
Marlena is bitten as they exit the
subway they enter a National Guard
command center and field hospital
Marlena begins to react to her bite with
her eyes beginning to bleed and is
dragged into a tent where she appears to
explode the group continues to try to
get to Beth and are told by the military
that they plan to destroy Manhattan
order to kill the monster the group
rescues Beth who has been impaled on
rebar and making their way to the
evacuation site as the monster continues
to attack the city Lily is put on a
helicopter and escapes Rob Beth and HUD
are put on a second helicopter and
witnessed the monster being bombed
this causes the monster to fall but it
lunges at the helicopter causing it to
crash in Central Park the footage picks
up an hour later stating in 15 minutes
the hammer down protocol will begin the
group regains consciousness but HUD is
killed by the monster Rob and Beth take
the camera and take shelter under the
gray shot arch Rob and Beth leave their
last testimony declaring their love for
one another and the bombs go off causing
the bridge to collapse the footage cuts
back to Rob and Beth State at Coney
Island on April 27th in the background
an object can be seen falling from the
sky into the ocean Beth looks into the
camera and says I had a good day as the
tape freezes and cuts out after the
credits radio chatter can be heard which
seems to be saying something like help
us but when played in Reverse it says
it's still alive so that was the
spoilers for Cloverfield if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts in the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching